Master.
Second master, you must take charge of Sisi.
What's wrong with Second Master?
Just now, the eldest lady told Lam to specifically fire me.
Let me leave Lam's house tomorrow morning.
Seemingly
It's looking down on this great niece of mine.
Half an hour ago
Just designed an idea gradually
Borrow my hand to wash away the people he hates the most.
I'm a facialist.
Now it's the one I put next to him.
How cruel.
The second master thought that the eldest lady's design was too good.
I'm afraid he will find me.
Hello.
Because he can't control it
Then change to Miss Lam Thi.
Three years now
It's all about attending famous people's parties on his behalf.
In everyone's eyes
You are the true great demon master.
And?
My brother is always abroad and never comes back.
What they say will be wrong.
Completely bring the Lam family
Enter into the palm of your hand
The young lady just received the message.
Grandpa will return tomorrow.
Dad, why did he suddenly come back?
There were no signs at all.
You are bullied by fakes and scum men
I don't know how to send it to my grandfather.
He turned around to take it out for you.
Your father is the best mother in the world.